<!-- Generated by Changerawr CLI on 2026-04-16T07:21:32.297Z -->
# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## v1.0.6

- **Version 1.0.6 - 2026-04-16**: :::warning
There are security vulnerabilities in previous releases, it is recommended to upgrade as soon as possible to this one. There are also a breaking change, set `SETUP_COMPLETE=true` in your .env file as this is how to complete the setup wizard now. I strongly recommend re-rolling all API keys.
:::

## Features
- **Slack Integration** - You can now automatically post published entries to your Slack!
- **Timezones** - Added timezone support per-user and globally, allowing for much more efficient collaboration between users with different time zones!
- **SAML** - Adds support for SAML to SSO, adding a new method available for configuring single-sign-on.
- *SSL Certificates for custom domains** - You can now get SSL certificates for custom domains! Just follow the nginx-sidecar documentation to get set up.
- **IP Whitelisting** - You can now whitelist IP addresses to access the main panel. Note that this requires the nginx-sidecar to be set up.
- **Version Templates** - Configure custom version format templates

## Improvements
- **Extended Project Limits ** - Project limits have been extended for entries. If you wish to go beyond, please sponsor my work.
- **UI Improvements** - Did various UI improvements to the administrative interface & fully redesigned the version picker
- **Update Bar** - Whenever an update is available, you'll be much more likely to know thanks to the new pop-up.

## Bug Fixes
- **Redirect Loop** - fixed issues with an infinite redirect loop after setup
- **Strict Validation Local Domain** - Fixed issues with any domain being blocked for requests, preventing e.g., cloudflareinsghts from working, which subsequently blocked the panel from loading alltogether itself.
- **System user show-up in admin dashboard** - Fixed an issue where the system user used for audit logs was being counted as a user in the total user count.

## Other
- **Security Vulnerability patches** - A few vulnerabilities were disclosed to me, these have been patched in this release.
- **Dependency Updates** - Updated to the latest dependencies, Nodemailer 8, and changerawr universal markdown 1.2.0!


## v1.0.5

- **Version 1.0.5 - 2025-11-13**: :::warning
There are breaking changes in this release.
:::

If you are using widgets at all, you will have to recreate them. If you are not using widgets, this does not affect you at all.



---
## Bug Fixes

- **Email validation allowed for uppercase emails** - If you invited a email with any uppercase characters, you would not be able to login using it. This has been fixed!

- **undefined showing up in the create SSO provider modal** - Sometimes, this would show up when you get a callback URL. This has been fixed.

### Features

- **Catch Up!** - Missed too much while you were gone? Now you can catch up! `feature requested by my founder friends @ forento`

- **Manually set when entry has been published** - I'll admit, I hated adding this request. Being transparent with your users is extremely important. However, it is now available for those who need it. Have fun!

- **API Key Permissions + Project-Level API Keys** - Added a full permission system to API keys as well as making the ability to have them be project-level.

- **Migrated from internal engine to package** - Migrated from the internal CUM engine to the package. Also adds support for Tables and discord-flavored SubText!

- **Redid widgets entirely, proving four variants that can be customized to your hearts content!**


## Improvements

- **Share on publish** - You can now share your changelog to your email subscribers when you publish an entry!

- **Improved bookmarks usage** - Dedicated pages for bookmarking + QOL controls!

- **You can now view changelog entries individually** - A dedicated page is available now for viewing a specific changelog entry.

- **NextJS Upgrade** - Upgraded to NextJS 16!

## 1.0.4

- **Version 1.0.4 - 2025-?-?**: :::warning
There are no breaking changes in this release.
:::

### Features
- **Data Importing** - You can now import data from various sources to jump-start your Changerawr project!
- **CUM** - Changerawr Universal Markdown engine introduces more functionality for the content editor.As of writing, Embeds, Buttons, and Alerts are available! 
Provides a better experience overall, improving the parsing engine, adding tokenization, and improving overall usability!

### Improvements
- **Redesigned Projects Dashboard** - Updated the dashboard at (/dashboard/projects/projectId) to be less cluttered and more professional.
- **Updated Projects Fetch Pagination** - Updated the default fetch for projects to 50 entries when listing.
- **Redesigned Main Dashboard** - Redesigned the dashboard at (/dashboard), it needed a facelift and has been the same since 0.3.0 :(
- **Content Editor Upgrades** - Introduces the CUM ( Changerawr Universal Markdown ) rendering engine for a better changelog experience.
- **Improved Modal UI** - Added depth and optical borders to the modal UI. Also adds a "disableClose" prop for the rare case in which Changerawr is doing something and needs to let you know of its progress.

hello world!



## 1.0.3

- **Version 1.0.3 - 2025-07-02**: **Features**

- **Changerawr CLI** - Now it's easier then ever to get started with Changerawr! just do:
```shell
npm install -g changerawr
```
You can find the source code at <https://github.com/changerawr/cli> - would super appreciate a star!

- Native [Pocket ID](https://pocket-id.org) Support. I really love [Pocket ID](https://pocket-id.org) so now you can configure it in three clicks from the installation wizard!


**Bug Fixes**

- **Migration Fixes** - Fixed an issue that broke deployment
- **Setup Wizard Fixes** - Rewrote logic that broke older APIs, wizard will no longer skip steps, allowing you to finish setup completely.

## 1.0.2

- **Version 1.0.2 - 2025-06-24**: **Features**

- **Custom Domains** - Added support for custom domains for a public changelog page. This was painful to implement :(
- **Scheduled Publishing** - You can now schedule your changelog to be posted at a later date.
- **Full-Text search** - Adds a command palette ( Ctrl + K / Cmd + K ) to search EVERYTHING :)
- **Colored Tags** - Add color to your tags to make them pop!
- **Telemetry** - Adds telemetry so the Changerawr team can collect anonymous usage statistics.


**Improvements**

- **UI Improvements** - Updated Request Management interface to provide more information to assist administrators with approving/denying a staff request.
- **SSO Improvements** - Added a section to user settings so you can see what providers you have connected with!

## 1.0.1

- **Version 1.0.1 - 2025-06-22**: **Bug Fixes**

- **Fixed LOGIN_ATTEMPT issue** - Thanks @aixxo ( on GitHub ) for reporting this! It has been fixed in this release.
- **Security Vulnerability Patched** - AI assistant API key could be found without authenticating, this has been encrypted and fixed. Thanks to Codycody31 on GitHub for reporting this! You should set a brand new API key if you are using the AI integration.
- **GitHub Integration scroll fix** - Fixed an issue that prevented you from seeing all of the content, which would get cut off and prevent interaction with the modal. ( you could not insert the content, as an example )


**Improvements**

- **HIBP Integration** - When logging in, you will be notified if your password was found in a data breach.

## 1.0.0

- **Version 1.0.0 - 2025-06-15**: **Other**

- **1.0.0 Release** - Thanks for your support of Changerawr! Have fun!

## 0.4.0

- **Version 0.4.0 - 2025-06-13**: **Features**

- **Changelog Analytics** - Detailed analytics of your overall instance and projects! Cookieless, GDPR compliant, and 100% anonymized
- **Easypanel Integration** - Changerawr can now update automagically if you use Easypanel for deployment!
- **Automatic OAuth2 Setup** - If you use Easypanel OAuth2, you have the option to automatically setup OAuth2 for SSO if you have all the required variables set beforehand.


**Bug Fixes**

- **Bug Fixes** - A multitude of fixes and quirks that sometimes don't work correctly. Hopefully, this is every issue as of now fixed!


**Improvements**

- **Redesigned Components** - Redesigned some components

## 0.3.9

- **Version 0.3.9 - 2025-06-10**: **Features**

- **Code Analyzation for GitHub Integration** - Changerawr can now look at your changed code and write a better changelog!


**Bug Fixes**

- **Account Deletion Fix** - Fixed an issue that prevented administrators from deleting a user's account. This process will anonymize all their data and actions while preserving their contributions.


**Improvements**

- **Redesigned the New Project page** - Gave a much-needed facelift to the new project page so it feels more roomy. Has confetti now, success messages, and more excitement!

## 0.3.8

- **Version 0.3.8 - 2025-06-10**: **Features**

- **Invite Your Team!** - You can now invite your team early in the initial setup wizard, rawrsome!


**Bug Fixes**

- **Changelog Editor Fixes** - Fixed the version picker which would let you select versions already used, leading to issues. It will now check for overlapping before allowing you to set a version for your changelog.


**Improvements**

- **Component Redesigns** - Redesigned the Version picker and Editor header

## 0.3.7

- **Version 0.3.7 - 2025-06-09**: **Bug Fixes**

- **Theme Switcher Fixes** - Fixed broken theme switcher logic, proper sync and no refreshing now!


**Improvements**

- **SSO Improvements** - You can now set all of the URLs for an SSO provider!

## 0.3.6

- **Version 0.3.6 - 2025-06-08**: **Bug Fixes**

- **Fix Audit Log Issues** - Fixed any remaining bugs with audit logs.


**Improvements**

- **AI URL Change** - Changed some of the URLs the AI Assistant page links to.
- **Improved Generation UI For GitHub** - Improved the generation UI and added more options

## 0.3.5

- **Version 0.3.5 - 2025-06-07**: **Features**

- **GitHub integration** - You can now use GitHub with Changerawr!


**Other**

- **Routine Maintenance** - Package Updates and Bug Fixes have been triaged successfully with this release.

## 0.3.4

- **Version 0.3.4 - 2025-05-15**: **Features**

- **Requests Manager** - Staff users can now view their permission requests!


**Bug Fixes**

- **TagAI Fixes** - Fixed TagAI to be more successful when recommending tags for a user's changelog entry ( e.g. fails less )

## 0.3.3

- **Version 0.3.3 - 2025-05-13**: **Features**

- **Title Generation** - AI can now analyze your writing to pick out the perfect title for your next changelog
- **AI Assisted Tagging** - AI can now assist you with tagging your changelog
- **Add New Tags** - You can now add a tag if it doesn't exist


**Improvements**

- **Better AI Assistant Design** - Redesigned AI Assistant

## 0.3.1

- **Version 0.3.1 - 2025-05-12**: **Features**

- **New Feature** - Added "What's New" model to inform of latest changes from the most recent Changerawr update


**Bug Fixes**

- **Bug Fixes** - Fixed a few bugs with tokenization and the AI assistant

## 0.3.2

- **Version 0.3.2 - 2025-05-12**: **Features**

- **'What's New' Modal Available on the About Page** - The "What's New" modal is now accessible from the About page.


**Improvements**

- **Redesigns** - Redesigned "What's New" modal.

## 0.3.0

- **Version 0.3.0 - 2025-05-11**: **Features**

- **AI Assistant** - Adds an AI assistant to Changerawr!
- **"What's New" model added** - Allow administrators to see what's new in Changerawr for the latest update!


**Bug Fixes**

- **Fixed Authentication Redirect** - Fixed authentication pages not redirecting once a session was obtained


**Improvements**

- **Redone Content Editor** - Redid the entire Content Editor from scratch

